feat(curriculum): Add fCC Authors Page Project to JS Cert (#49826)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/15-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-22/learn-fetch-and-promises-by-building-an-fcc-authors-page/641dab13c1b6f14b9828e6b1.md

Reviewer: Since this is the final step, it needs a solution with the final state of the code after the seed / seed contents.

Check out this file for a good example of this: https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp/blob/main/curriculum/challenges/english/15-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-22/learn-basic-javascript-by-building-a-role-playing-game/62aa2ba9cd881355a6f0a5a8.md?plain=1#L387

Author: I got this. Thanks.

---
id: 641dab13c1b6f14b9828e6b1
title: Step 30
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-30
---

# --description--

> One more thing. If you keep clicking the "Load More Authors" button until there's no more data to load and the text changes to "No more data to load", the cursor value is still `pointer`. Why not change the cursor value to `not-allowed` instead?.
> 
> Change the `cursor` value of the "Load More Button" to `not-allowed`. You can do this by using the style property of `DOM` on the button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One more thing. If you keep clicking the `Load More Authors` button until there's no more data to load and the text changes to `No more data to load`, the cursor value is still `pointer`. Why not change the cursor value to `not-allowed` instead?

Access the `style` property of the `Load More Authors` button and set `cursor` to `not-allowed`.
```

}

.btn {
  cursor: pointer;
  width: 200px;
  margin: 10px;
  color: var(--main-bg-color);
  font-size: 14px;
  background-color: var(--golden-yellow);
  background-image: linear-gradient(#fecc4c, #ffac33);
  border-color: var(--golden-yellow);
  border-width: 3px;
}
```

```js
const authorContainer = document.getElementById('author-container');
const loadMoreBtn = document.getElementById('load-more-btn');

let startingIndex = 0;
let endingIndex = 8;
let authorDataArr = [];

fetch('https://cdn.freecodecamp.org/curriculum/news-author-page/authors.json')
  .then((res) => res.json())
  .then((data) => {
    authorDataArr = data;
    displayAuthors(authorDataArr.slice(startingIndex, endingIndex));  
  })
  .catch((err) => {
   authorContainer.innerHTML = `<p class="error-msg">There was an error loading the data</p>`;
  });

const fetchMoreAuthors = () => {
  startingIndex += 8;
  endingIndex += 8;

  displayAuthors(authorDataArr.slice(startingIndex, endingIndex));
  if (authorDataArr.length <= endingIndex) {
    loadMoreBtn.disabled = true;
    --fcc-editable-region--

    --fcc-editable-region--
    loadMoreBtn.textContent = 'No more data to load';
  }
};

> const displayAuthors = (authors) => {
>   authors.forEach( ({ author, image, url, bio }, index) =>
>   (authorContainer.innerHTML += `
>     <div id="${index}" class="user-card">
>       <h2 class="author-name">${author}</h2>
>       <img class="user-img" src="${image}" alt="${author} avatar">
>       <div class="purple-divider"></div>
>       <p class="bio">${bio.length > 50 ? bio.slice(0, 49) + '...' : bio}</p>
>       <a class="author-link" href="${url}" target="_blank">${author} author page</a>
>     </div>
>   `)
>   )
> };

Reviewer: ```suggestion
const displayAuthors = (authors) => {
  authors.forEach(({ author, image, url, bio }, index) => {
    authorContainer.innerHTML += `
    <div id="${index}" class="user-card">
      <h2 class="author-name">${author}</h2>
      <img class="user-img" src="${image}" alt="${author} avatar">
      <div class="purple-divider"></div>
      <p class="bio">${bio.length > 50 ? bio.slice(0, 49) + '...' : bio}</p>
      <a class="author-link" href="${url}" target="_blank">${author} author page</a>
    </div>
  `;
  });
};
```

  display: flex;
  flex-wrap: wrap;
  justify-content: center;
}

.user-card {
  border-radius: 15px;
  width: 300px;
  height: 350px;
  background-color: var(--light-grey);
  margin: 20px;
}

.user-img {
  width: 150px;
  height: 150px;
  object-fit: cover;
}

.purple-divider {
  background-color: var(--dark-purple);
  width: 100%;
  height: 15px;
}

.author-name {
  margin: 10px;
}

.bio {
  margin: 20px;
}

.error-msg {
  color: var(--light-grey);
}

.btn {
  cursor: pointer;
  width: 200px;
  margin: 10px;
  color: var(--main-bg-color);
  font-size: 14px;
  background-color: var(--golden-yellow);
  background-image: linear-gradient(#fecc4c, #ffac33);
  border-color: var(--golden-yellow);
  border-width: 3px;
}
```

```js
const authorContainer = document.getElementById('author-container');
const loadMoreBtn = document.getElementById('load-more-btn');

let startingIndex = 0;
let endingIndex = 8;
let authorDataArr = [];

fetch('https://cdn.freecodecamp.org/curriculum/news-author-page/authors.json')
  .then((res) => res.json())
  .then((data) => {
    authorDataArr = data;
    displayAuthors(authorDataArr.slice(startingIndex, endingIndex));  
  })
  .catch((err) => {

>    authorContainer.innerHTML = `<p class="error-msg">There was an error loading the data</p>`;

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   authorContainer.innerHTML = `<p class="error-msg">There was an error loading the authors</p>`;
```
